BITE ME

“I just don’t get,” Sadie lamented, as she clipped on her faux-pearl earrings in the rear-view mirror of Ellis’s Mercedes-Benz, “why it has to be me.”
	“I already told you,” Ellis said, tilting the mirror back in his direction so he could properly coif his hair. “Everyone at this dinner has a plus-one, and you’re the only girl friend I have who’s shorter than me.”
	“But why does your date need to be shorter than you?”
	“That’s like asking a shark why it has all those sets of teeth.”
	Sadie raised an eyebrow. “You want me to cut your food up for you?”
	“No, I’m saying—” Ellis turned his head away as he pulled the key out of the ignition, likely so Sadie wouldn’t see the flush in his cheeks. “It’s a status thing. Like, alone, I’ll just be a short guy. But if I’m standing next to you…” He gestured vaguely upwards.
	“My being there won’t change the fact that people are going to have to look down to talk to you.”
	Ellis let out an exasperated sigh. “All you have to do”—he began while stepping out of the driver’s seat, then momentarily paused as he walked around to open Sadie’s door—“is look pretty and nod whenever I make an astute observation.”
	Sadie took his outstretched hand and climbed into the evening air. “No nodding. Got it.”
	“I’m beginning to think I should have brought Margo instead.”
	“Margo is five-ten.”
	“And <i>quiet.</i>”
	“But is she prettier than me?”
	Ellis’s face crunched inwards. “Is it more feminist if I say no?”
	“It’s already un-feminist to compare us on the basis of physical attractiveness alone,” Sadie said, “so I wouldn’t have accepted any answer other than, ‘I will not let hundreds of thousands of years of dominant Eurocentric beauty standards determine the intrinsic value of my female companions; you are both intelligent, kind-hearted women who can coexist without needing to compete,’ or, ‘I think you’re both pretty.’”
	“Then I would say your posing the question in the first place is <i>incredibly</i> un-feminist.”
	The two of them stood like this, smoldering, Sadie’s hand still perched in Ellis’s like a bird poised to take off at the slightest disturbance. Then they cracked at the same time, and laughter shook them until their hands broke apart to clutch at each other’s shoulders for stability.
	“You asshole,” Ellis wheezed, bending forward until his forehead pressed against Sadie’s un-clutched shoulder. “Always twisting my words. Don’t you have better things to do?”
	Sadie gasped in a breath, fanning herself before settling her free hand on the nape of Ellis’s neck. “If you can’t handle my good-natured ribbing, then I don’t know if politics is the right career path for you.”
	“Very sweet of you to worry, but it’s already too late for me.”
	Sadie ruefully shook her head. “That pesky Master’s degree.”
	They peeled apart, Sadie reaching out to adjust Ellis’s tie. She would be lying if she said her friend wasn’t a vision in a three-piece suit. As she had gathered from a stream of panicked texts, he’d spent hours just picking out the right cufflinks—<i>which one brings out my eyes? be honest</i>—and “perfecting” his Eldridge knot, which, after at least seven YouTube videos on the topic, still managed to come out quite crooked. Sadie took no issue with it; it matched his smile, and the color itself matched her repurposed prom dress. But she knew her fussing with it would calm the both of them down, a bandaid over the impending heart attack that was this: they were two twenty-five-year-olds attending a very, very fancy dinner party, the outcome of which would determine the trajectory of one of their careers.
	Ellis passed his car keys to the teen valet on standby, who had been quiet the whole time either out of fear or politeness. He then offered his arm to Sadie; she took it with one hand and grasped the strap of her tiniest, flimsiest, most expensive-looking shoulder bag in the other. They squeezed closer, breathing in, but as Sadie exhaled, Ellis kept holding on. It was Sadie who had to steer them forward, through the double-doors of the venue and into the heart of the party. This, she knew, was the real reason he had asked her to be his date; where Ellis was paralyzed by looming expectations, Sadie simply ignored them and pressed on. She was his extra sets of teeth, and his success tonight depended on how sharp she made his smile.
	The venue itself was every bit as lavishly boring as Sadie had anticipated. The hall was bathed in warm light that shone down from a large, overly-embellished chandelier in the center of the high ceiling. Middle-aged white men and women that she vaguely recognized from the times she’d accidentally switched the channel to C-SPAN were strewn about, dressed in dark suits and dark cocktail dresses, engaging in less-than-robust conversation and laughing politely behind their hands. Waiters carried silver trays that glinted with tiny hors d’œuvres. Sadie flagged one down as he passed by and pilfered a quarter-sized sandwich, holding it up to Ellis’s mouth.
	Ellis took a dime-sized bite. Paused. Shook his head.
	Sadie nodded and popped the rest into her own mouth. It was a leftover habit from grade school—she’d ingested peanut butter for the first time while crafting a makeshift bird-feeder for class, and Ellis had to be the one to hold her down as she howled and thrashed and begged the nurse not to stab her with an EpiPen Jr. For months afterward, Ellis insisted that he try any new food before Sadie to make sure it was nut-free, if not for her safety, then at least so he wouldn’t have to endure the role of human limb-restraint ever again.
	Ellis’s eyes darted around, likely calculating who would be best to talk to, and when, and for how long. But Sadie could tell from the tremor in his arm that he wasn’t ready yet. While waiting for him to acclimate to their new surroundings, she quietly walked him along the perimeter of the hall, as if having the chandelier light hit him from different angles would wake him up somehow. And if their orbit happened to intersect with that of a few other waiters, it was hardly her fault.
	Eventually, Ellis was emboldened enough to knock them out of orbit, hurtling towards a small circle of older men who might have been current or former members of Congress. He separated from Sadie long enough to offer each man a firm two-handed shake. “Ellis Ryder,” he announced, pitching his voice down a not-insignificant amount of tones. “Pleasure to make your acquaintance, sir.” 
	Sadie’s eyes widened; if anything, she’d always known Ellis to go almost falsetto when interacting with strangers.
	The congressmen introduced themselves in turn, each giving a dry name that Sadie couldn’t bother to hold in her head for more than a minute. They spoke idly about upcoming local elections, and <i>wasn’t Stevens a shoo-in for mayor?,</i> and <i>I don’t know, his economic policies have always been a bit tenuous.</i> Sadie tuned out until Ellis touched her arm, and she caught the tail-end of a question directed at her: “—right, honey?”
	Not wanting to embarrass herself or Ellis, she nodded without asking for any further context.
	One of the congressmen laughed heartily. “Smart girl. Not everyone has the guts to admit such a thing.”
	“Ah, well,” Ellis said, tucking an arm around Sadie’s waist, “that’s what I like about her.”
	Sadie didn’t pull away, but she felt unsettled, like she’d just given her signature to a contract whose stipulations she wasn’t privy to. She tried her best to zero in on the remaining bits of conversation, but all that remained was a few well-wishes before the group dispersed.
	“What did I nod yes to?” she asked Ellis.
	“Oh, don’t worry about it,” he said, waving a hand around. “It wasn’t anything serious.”
	“He made it sound like I was agreeing to something controversial,” she said, the corner of her mouth pulling down. “And he called me a ‘smart girl’.”
	“Well, you <i>are</i> a smart girl.”
	“You heard the way he said it, though.” She jostled his arm. “Come on, just tell me.”
	Ellis pushed a hand through his hair. “I don’t know, it was something about reproductive rights? He was going on about how blue voters don’t respect family values anymore, and I said something along the lines of, ‘Sometimes you need to have faith that the government knows what’s best for you.’” As he continued further into this statement, though, Ellis withered under Sadie’s poisonous glare.
	“What the fuck?” she nearly shouted, then, remembering they were in a delicate location, boxed into an angry whisper. “You tricked me into spouting some pro-life bullshit? What is this, 1967?”
	“Jesus, Sadie, calm down,” Ellis said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I didn’t make you ‘spout’ anything. You just nodded, okay? Remember how I asked you to nod at my astute observations?”
	“I wouldn’t call ‘playing into the hands of a misogynistic, power-hungry ruling class’ particularly astute.”
	“You don’t have to agree with what I’m saying,” he reminded her. “I don’t even agree with what I’m saying half the time. I’m just trying to get in good with these guys.”
	Sadie laughed drily. “Maybe you’re meant for politics after all.”
	“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
	They continued swooping into various groups of politicians and making nice, Sadie quiet but firm against Ellis’s side. Though she was still sour from his exploiting her blind agreement for brownie points, she couldn’t help but admire how easily he spoke to these important people, how he chose the right words and pushed the right buttons and captivated them with a grin, a shrug, a well-timed joke. It was a far cry from the days of timorous, voice-crack-laden high school presentations, of internship interviews where he’d silently dial Sadie’s number and let her listen in as he trembled through his elevator pitch. Now, he was comfortable, and there was power in comfort. Now, he looked smooth, and sharp, and hungry.
	Eventually, the waiters switched their hors d’œuvres out for drinks, and Sadie plucked out a glass each of whiskey and champagne, handing the former to Ellis.
	“You’re gesturing too much,” she told him when he raised an eyebrow at her. “I read somewhere that makes people nervous.”
	Ellis shook his head. “What would I do without you?”
	Sadie hid her smile behind a sip of champagne. “Cocaine, probably.”
	Had they been anywhere else, that comment would have rightfully earned her a shriek of laughter. But Ellis only gave a soft hum beneath his whiskey.
	Ellis continued making his rounds; apparently, though they were two hours into the party, there was no shortage of governors or senators or what-have-yous to schmooze. Obeying Sadie’s suggestion, Ellis used the whiskey as an reminder to keep his hands in, sipping from it conservatively. Sadie, meanwhile, was on her third glass by the time dinner rolled around. The waiters ushered everyone from the main hall into a luxurious dining room, where a long table stretched before them, each setting adorned with glittering china.
	“I don’t like it here,” Sadie said finally, as Ellis pulled her chair back for her.
	“I know,” he replied. He took her bag and hooked it over the back of her chair before sliding into the seat next to her. “Three courses and we’re out of here, okay?”
	Sadie nodded, reaching out to fix his tie again. “You’re lucky you’re so cute.”
	He smiled at her, perfectly even. “I try my best.”
	A couple in their mid-thirties sat down across from them, chattering quietly to themselves. The man’s wrist flashed with a chunky chrome timepiece, and crystals dripped from the woman’s earlobes. She caught notice of Ellis and Sadie first, introducing herself and her husband with an airy laugh. Again, Sadie couldn’t quite hold onto their names (and the alcohol certainly wasn’t helping), but it didn’t matter much; she had no reason to address them, anyway.
	Ellis stood up once more to grasp the man’s hand in his own, a motion Sadie found both uncomfortable and unnecessary. Then they both sat, already exchanging opinions about the current political climate and, for some reason, boats. An ambiguous salad appeared in front of Sadie. Ordinarily, she would be more than happy to wait for Ellis to finish his conversation before poison-testing their food, but in her drunkenness, she found it hard to ignore the vacuous feeling in her stomach. Her foot shifted to press down on the toe of his nearest shoe.
	If Ellis noticed, he showed no sign of it. He continued to enthusiastically discuss the intricacies of boat maintenance, the man nodding fervently along with whatever nonsense advice he was imparting (and she knew it had to be nonsense, because they had grown up in landlocked West Virginia, and presently neither of them had the money nor interest to make any sort of significant nautical investment). Having put down his whiskey, his hands were free to gesticulate, and Sadie worried for the skinny, fragile-looking decorations wobbling along the middle of the table.
	“If I should be so bold,” Ellis continued, grasping Sadie’s hand, “I would say a day out on the water is a cure-all for the American condition. Wouldn’t you agree, dear?”
	Whatever graduate-level class Ellis had taken on the art of making airheaded statements with complete confidence, Sadie was wholly unfamiliar with it. She pulled her hand away and reached for Ellis’s whiskey instead. “You used to be so smart, you know,” she muttered, knocking back the rest of his drink.
	The four of them fell quiet for a blissful moment. Then Ellis laughed suddenly, breathily. Without any facial indication that he was doing so, his Oxford lifted up and crunched its heel down on the toe of her thrifted Blahnik.
	Sadie’s mouth fell open, more out of shock than pain. She didn’t dare shout, or even speak; she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.
	“Oh, Sadie,” Ellis said, brushing an errant lock of hair behind Sadie’s ear. There was the barest hint of panic to his voice, and Sadie relished in it, in the passing glimpse of her shy, nervous friend, in the knowledge that he still had a frantic softness to him, however deep it was buried. But now, his eyes were wide, and hard, and refused to break away from hers. “She’s been in a bit of a mood tonight,” he continued, his hand sliding just below the back of her neck. His grip was firm, but not violent; it said, <i>please, we’re so close, don’t fuck this up.</i> “Parties make her… fatigued.”
	“Right,” Sadie agreed, nodding slowly. She turned to smile wearily at the couple, leaning over so she could rest her temple gracefully against Ellis’s shoulder. “Terribly sorry. All this socializing gives me the worst migraines…”
	“Not to worry, darling,” the woman sympathized, a hand touched to her chest. “I know I tire of these functions, too. But I do what I can to support my husband.” At this, the man leaned forward to kiss her cheek, and her arm fell effortlessly around his shoulders.
	The conversation carried on with the same amount of joviality as before; thankfully, Sadie’s feigned headache was enough to dissuade the other three from trying to involve her too much in pleasantries, save for the occasional strained nod whenever Ellis asked her to confirm or agree with some ridiculous, brown-nosing statement he’d made. They missed out on the salad—Ellis was still distracted, or angry, or both—but he made sure to try the pasta entrée, holding out a forkful of penne to Sadie once he’d confirmed the absence of allergens. She ate from his fork as demurely as she could manage (being drunk and starved had a habit of making you clumsy), then playfully offered him a bite of her own dish, even though everyone had been served the same thing. It was all perfectly charming to the other couple, she was sure, and she knew Ellis could win this, that they could win this, whatever “this” was.
	When dessert arrived—a pale, luscious slice of cake, adorned with florets of violet icing—Sadie lurched forward with delight, but reminded herself to wait for Ellis. During a dip in the conversation, he sampled the cake. Paused. Took Sadie’s hand again, shifting it under the table, away from the silverware. <i>No good.</i>
	Sadie did her best not to sulk. There was a bakery on the drive back to her place, and she could easily convince Ellis to repay her with an eclair or two.
	As the evening wore on, the back-and-forth between Ellis and the other couple slowed. The end was finally in sight; like a marathoner on her last mile, Sadie felt a renewed burst of energy. She laughed at Ellis’s jokes and nodded with vigor when prompted and even briefly considered telling her own boat story, however irrelevant it may have been to the current topic, because they were almost there, almost home, and soon they would be far away from this awful place and Ellis would be Ellis again and they could laugh about tonight as if it were some distant, spiny, incredulous fantasy.
	The woman, who had not even glanced at her own plate, nodded in Sadie’s direction. “Not the dessert type, either, I see?” she noted. “Good on you; I would have killed to have your self-restraint at your age.”
	Sadie opened her mouth to protest, or to at least clarify that she was allergic—but Ellis, sensing that she was about to say something uncouth, interjected with, “Oh, it’s enviable, really. Sometimes I wonder how she has the energy to get through the day.”
	This earned him a round of laughter. And there was nothing terribly offensive about it, really, but the way he had leapt to speak over her, the way he had prioritized not embarrassing the woman over telling the truth, the way his teeth seemed to glow under the chandelier light… She knew, suddenly, dreadfully, that this <i>was</i> Ellis, her anxious childhood friend, only his anxiety had turned him selfish, and boisterous, and threatened to push him into cruelty. 
	Sadie wrenched her hand away from Ellis and picked up her dessert fork.
	Ellis stopped laughing. “Sadie, what are you—”
	But before he could finish his sentence, Sadie had already begun to wolf down her dessert. She could feel the rash forming along her nose, the heat, the itch, the rush of toxins that promised a chokehold around her windpipe. Once she had finished, she leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes.
	Ellis swore, twice, loudly, and she heard him dive into her purse, fishing out the EpiPen she always carried with her. There was the snap of the blue cap coming off, then she felt it puncture her thigh, hard, through the skirt of her dress, felt the terrible jolt of epinephrine invade her bloodstream. <i>Ha.</i> Maybe Ellis had his own shark teeth.
	Sadie opened her eyes again. Ellis was standing over her, blurry, jagged, shaking.
	“What the fuck is wrong with you?” he whispered, his voice full of resentment and fear, and Sadie laughed bitterly as she went under.
